You see,
in India,
we have like different families
for music.
Like kiran guana agrana all kinds of garranas we have.
The specialty of Maharashtra
is [?].
Is the music that they
sing
In the
dramas in the [?]
you have heard her singing so all the time.
The actor is standing and singing,
actress is standing and singing.
They have to remember by heart everything
and
it's a very fast number,
always a very,
very fast number
uh it's not easy to sing those songs,
so I requested her to at least sing one song from Nati Sangeet because
that's the
essence of Maharashtraan music.
After this
Great
Music programme,
I don't know what to say in words.
But I must say they are all Sahaja Yogis.
They have come to Sahaja Yoga,
they have got the realisation.
And all these
great artists are now coming to Sahaja Yoga so easily.
It's,
they are our family.
And the
closeness
we feel for them you can see it in the music even if you don't understand the words.
The way you see they penetrate into your being
because they are Sahaja Yogis.
And the
also,
the
Songs they have chosen
were very,
very remarkable
and beautiful.
I really don't know how to
thank they are my children.
I don't know what to say,
but the only thing I say that
you
should continue with your music.
And all my blessings,
not only that,
but I would do anything to spread this music
all over the world,
and we have now.
And we have now such an
audience.
Such a
musical audience,
you can see that.
And such a report was established.
Shows that this
Divine music
will be eternal and eternally spreading all over.
May God bless you all the listeners and also the musicians.
May God bless.